# SCANFLOW_WEB_SDK

This library is used to support the developers in order to perform the scanning of the ID's, QRCodes and get the data to be displayed on their website with ease.

# Installation:

    To install the Scanflow WebSDK package into your project use the below installation command from your command prompt.The npm package is available globally on the website https://www.npmjs.com/package/scanflow_websdk_demo.

    Installation Command - npm install scanflow_websdk_demo (Latest Version 1.1.27)

    Demo Code Repository - https://github.com/Scanflow-ai/scanflow-websdk-samples

# Prerequisite:

### Hardware Requirements:

        Recommended Camera - Full HD (1080p) or above resolution Web Camera for capturing the ID Card to get accurate results. 
        Recommended CPU - 2.0GHz or more

### Software Requirements:

        Recommended Browsers:
            Chrome Version - 106.0.5249.119 and +
            Firefox Version -  104.0.2 and  + 
            Opera Version  -  91.0.4516.20 and  +
            Safari Version -  15.6 and  +
            Edge -  106.0.1370.34 and +

### Other Requirements:

        Scanflow License Key - It is an important key to make the package work and 					get the results of the ID Card data.

# Scanning performance

- The performance of the scanner depends on the device and camera being used. Nonetheless for optimal speed/quality, please keep in mind the following guidelines/tips:
- Depending on your use case, it might be worth to enable Full HD or Ultra HD video quality, resulting in slower frame processing times but higher resolution recognition. The accuracy of output will be very high.
- The ID card holding distance can be < a feet to get the better accuracy.
- The first Single Image Mode scan might be slower than subsequent ones depending on the network condition as the Scanflow Data Capture Library has to first verify the license key online before proceeding to capture data through inbuilt camera.

# Usage

### Configuration

- For optimal performance, this configuration/initialization should be done as soon as possible in your application (even before scanning is actually required) to ensure needed components are preloaded and initialized ahead of time. It takes two parameters which are mandatory as follows:

      License Key : License Key which is generated by scanflow support team.

      Domain Name : Users domain name while generating the license key.

- The configuration function needs to be initialized as follows and it returns a promise.

  ### Example

            import * as ScanflowSDK from 'scanflow_websdk_demo';
            ScanflowSDK.configureSDK('USE YOUR LICENSE KEY HERE','YOUR DOMAIN ID HERE') //important
              .then((res) => {
                const rootElement = document.getElementById("camera_view");
                const configuration = {
                  captureMode: "auto", //available modes 'auto','manual'
                };
                const rootElement = document.getElementById("camera_view");
                const captureObj = new ScanflowSDK.CaptureView(
                  rootElement,
                  configuration
                );
                captureObj.getMediaDevices().then((res) => {
                  setDevices([...res]);
                });
              })
              .catch((err) => {
                console.log(err);
              });

- The first required configuration option is a valid Scanflow license key - this is necessary for the library to work and is verified at configuration time. In order to get your license key, please contact scanflow support team.

- The “configureSDK” method needs to be imported from the package as given below and the user needs to use the valid license key in order to make the package work and get the scanned results of the ID Card (Aadhar Card). This step is an important part in the package, without the valid key the package will throw ‘Invalid License Key Error’

- On successful configuration of the package with the license key, then the user needs to create a class for the capture view as shown in the above snippet and pass the root element eg: DIV ELEMENT ID (<div id=”capture”></div>) with an optional configuration for facing mode and capture element width. It displays a camera view with a button to capture image to render view on the screen with the capture element.

- Note: This step is important and without a valid license key you can’t initialize the capture view.

- Once the card is fit with the frame and then the user needs to click the Start Capture button to capture the image and then SDK proccess it and once on successfull proccess the user needs to show the back side of the card which needs to be fit on the frame , then user can wait for proccessing by SDK and the resuslt is emitted by the emitter(getData).

- To listen to the emitter the user needs to create object for IDCapture Class then call addListener method which returns the emitter and then user needs to listen on getData emitter which returns data processed.

  ### Example

      const eventEmitter = new ScanflowSDK.IDCapture().addListener();
          eventEmitter.on("getData", (data) => {
            //User Will get Processed Data
            console.log(data)
          });

- The mode of capture is by default is listed as auto and the user can change the mode to manual mode if the user wants to change the mode of capture. This can be done by following the snippet given below.

  ### Example

      const modes = new ScanflowSDK.IDCapture().getCaptureModeData(); //Return available modes
      const changeCaptureMode = (event) => {
      const modeOfCapture = event.target.checked ? modes[0] : modes[1];
      setCaptureMode(modeOfCapture);
      setChecked(event.target.checked);
      const constraints = {
        deviceId: deviceId,
      };
      const configuration = {
        licenseKey,
        captureMode: modeOfCapture,
      };
      console.log(configuration);
      const rootElement = document.getElementById("camera_view");
      new ScanflowSDK.CaptureView(rootElement, configuration, constraints);

  };
